W-19652018 auto-credits-1.0-update (#455)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/automation-credits-2.adoc

|===

[IMPORTANT]

> Beginning October 24, 2025, the multiplier for IDP Document Page will change to `30 Automation Credits`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting October 24, 2025, the multiplier for IDP Document Page changes to `30 Automation Credits`.
```
